README.md, before:

# TinyCircuits-Thumby-Color-Games

Repository of TinyCircuits and community made **Thumby Color** games.

Games that live here can be seen on the arcade page: https://color.thumby.us/code/arcade/.

# Getting your game ready for the Arcade

Create a game folder and include the following files:

```
MyGameFolder
    - arcade_description.txt (required)
    - arcade_title_video.webm or arcade_title_image.png (at least one or the other is required)
    - ... (include any other game related files)
```

1. **Make sure the description and .webm or .png files are named exactly as above**.
2. When taking a screenshot or recording a video in the [simulator](https://color.thumby.us/code/), set the resolution to **8x: 1024x1024px**

NOTE: Other files and directories are allowed in your game, the above shows the required items and locations.

# Getting your game on the Arcade
1. Submit a pull request to this repository with your game directory added ([GitHub making a pull request](https://www.google.com/search?q=github+making+a+pull+request&rlz=1C1GCEA_enUS850US850&oq=github+making+a+pull+request&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i22i30l9.918j0j9&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8))
2. Wait for TinyCircuits to review and accept the PR
3. Wait for the URL builder GitHub action to build the new URL list (should take minutes)
4. Refresh the arcade page using F5 and see your game

# Editing or removing your game from the Arcade
The same process as adding a game, just submit a pull request with the edits.

Commit message:

Calculate the size of each game

README.md, after:

# TinyCircuits-Thumby-Color-Games

Repository of TinyCircuits and community made **Thumby Color** games.

Games that live here can be seen on the arcade page: https://color.thumby.us/code/arcade/.

# Getting your game ready for the Arcade

Create a game folder and include the following files:

```
MyGameFolder
    - arcade_description.txt (required)
    - arcade_title_video.webm, arcade_title_video.mp4, or arcade_title_image.png (at least one or the other is required)
    - ... (include any other game related files)
```

1. **Make sure the description and .webm or .png files are named exactly as above**.
2. When submitting a game using a video recorded in the [simulator](https://color.thumby.us/code/), set the resolution to **8x: 1024x1024px** (images can be any resolution)

NOTE: Other files and directories are allowed in your game, the above shows the required items and locations.

# Getting your game on the Arcade
1. Submit a pull request to this repository with your game directory added ([GitHub making a pull request](https://www.google.com/search?q=github+making+a+pull+request&rlz=1C1GCEA_enUS850US850&oq=github+making+a+pull+request&aqs=chrome..69i57j0i22i30l9.918j0j9&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8))
2. Wait for TinyCircuits to review and accept the PR
3. Wait for the URL builder GitHub action to build the new URL list (should take minutes)
4. Refresh the arcade page using F5 and see your game

# Editing or removing your game from the Arcade
The same process as adding a game, just submit a pull request with the edits.
